Li Yao, even your master promised to deal with it like this
What else do you have to say?
The master misunderstood
I just heard that Junior Brother Han
Shining in Yuanmen without selection
So
I want to ask Junior Brother Han for a few tips
You have been in the Royal Valley for a year
He has just entered the Imperial Valley Realm
Are you so considerate of your fellow senior brother?
The leader's words are bad
Although I entered the Imperial Valley a year earlier
But Junior Brother Han is a genius
How can you be afraid of me, a trash?
For the sake of knowing yourself so clearly
I wouldn't mind teaching you
You are really reckless to court death.
Although demons here are annoying
But he's very talented
Your jade bone mirror is heavy
How can you beat him at the third level of Jade Bone Mirror?
Leader, you are wrong
It is the fourth layer of jade bone mirror.
Junior Brother Han
Let me learn the tricks of genius
Hmph, since the senior brother of the same family appreciates his face so much, he is willing to cut the wrong one.
Well, of course I can't miss this good opportunity.
Don't worry, I'll teach you well.